COMPUTATION GOALS
1) Write a working 1D particles in a box simulation from scratch
2) (TASK 1) Animate the balls bouncing in box

Physics Goals
1) (TASK 2) Analyse the scatterplot of velocities for a linear two particles system
2) (TASK 3) Analyse the scatterplot of velocities for a linear N particles system
3) (TASK 4) Verify that on average, all particle, irregardless of mass, have the same kinetic energy.
4) (TASK 5) Verify that a particle's velocity is gaussian distributed in a linear N particle system
5) (TASK 6) Verify that a particle's kinetic energy is chisquared distributed in a linear N particle system

How my simulation works
There are three structs used: The first is used to wrap a particle data. The second is used to wrap
the time domain simulation data. The third is used to wrap the setup information of the simulation
(eg: how many balls are used. How big the box is.)

The simulation loop will update all the particles' positions through a fixed timestep 
based on their velocities. After every update, the program checks if any balls had "collided"
(with another ball) or "bounced" with the wall. The loop that checks for collision and bounces
is a primitive O(N^2) algorithm. Pairs of velocities are updated after collision using
simple zero momentum frame calculations. My primitive bounce function only updates the
velocity of the particle. So in some cases we might see the ball going slightly out of
the boundary. The wall is thus not hard.

The simulation outputs data through LOGGERS. The loggers are objects what when initiallized,
will create a log file with appropriate headers in the operating system.

What were my difficulties
Getting gnuplot to do things is by far the greatest consumer of time. For the longest
time I could not figure out how to create a histogram of frequency. Only managed when
I looked at the course website. I still do not know how to plot histograms with errorbars.

Results
(TASK 1) The animations works!
(TASK 2) The velocities form an ellipse!
(TASK 3) The velocities fill an ellipse!
(TASK 4) The kinetic energies are approximately the same. They are within the error bounds of each other.
Still need to figure out how to plot the errorbars
(TASK 5) The velocity distribution do seem gaussian for all particles
(TASK 6) The kinetic energy distribution do seem chi-squared distributed 
for all particles. This of course makes sense. If the velocity is guassian distrubuted, the square of velocity
will be chi-square distributed.

Discussion
The elliptical scatterplot of velocities is by far the most interesting result to emerge from
this simulation. I did not expect it. But on thinking about it must be true. m1*v1 + m2*v2 must be conserved.
Then, if we plot v1 and v2 and separate axis, we will get an ellipse, with m2 the semi-major axis for v1 and
vice-versa. 

The filled ellipse of the scatterplot of N particle velocities is also interesting
but understandable once we understand the 2 particle case. The amount of linear momemtum
in particle1 and particle 2 combined can vary between 0 and a maximum (which is some partial sum of all
N particle's momentum). Consequency the scatterplot of v1 and v2 is an ellipse with varying radius.
The ratio of semi-major axis is still the ratio of the masses.